# lead-parser-gmail-export
A Python3 lead parser for files with the following format:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" BOF """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
--100000: Stefan,Thank you! Your request was successfully submitted. We will reply shortly.Account Number: 100000Company: CompanyTestNameFirst name: StefanLast name: PopescuJob title: Developement ManagerEmail: stefan_popescu@email.netPhone: 0712345678Employees: 19-99Country: RomaniaLanguage: ENReferrer: Google.roWork Structure: Resource BasedSkills: Javascript, ReactWhen would you like to start?: Urgent AsapDuration?: 6 MonthsResource Location: MixJavascriptTeam Leader: 1Senior: 1Middle: 0Junior: 0ReactTeam Leader: 1Senior: 1Middle: 0Junior: 0You are receiving this email because you requested a quote on 05/08/2018 09:17:33 PST. Important: If you did not perform this action, please contact us immediately.TE © 2018 About Us  •  Privacy Policy  •  Legal
--150000: Frank ,Thank you! Your request was successfully submitted. We will reply shortly.Account Number: 150000Project Name: Yellow Unicorn appCompany: RavenholmFirst name: Frank Last name: WillJob title: MsEmail: fwill@company1-communications.comPhone: 07123456789Employees: 6-18Country: United KingdomLanguage: ENReferrer: Google.roWork Structure: Project BasedBudget:  5-10kSkills: Android, IosWhen would you like to start?: 6 WeeksDuration?: 1 MonthProject Branding: Already HaveProject Funding: Just MeProject Status?: Just StartedAdditional information: Health and safety equipment audit You are receiving this email because you requested a quote on 05/08/2018 11:52:43 PST. Important: If you did not perform this action, please contact us immediately.TE © 2018 About Us  •  Privacy Policy  •  Legal
--123456: Andrew,Thank you! Your request was successfully submitted. We will reply shortly.Account Number: 123456Company: 12345First name: AndrewLast name: TankJob title: CEOEmail: andnk@gmail.comPhone: 0123456789Employees: 100-349Country: ChinaLanguage: ENReferrer: Framework7Work Structure: Project BasedBudget:  Not-sureYou are receiving this email because you requested a quote on 05/09/2018 07:14:32 PST. Important: If you did not perform this action, please contact us immediately.TE © 2018 About Us  •  Privacy Policy  •  Legal
--333333: Sonny,Thank you! Your request was successfully submitted. We will reply shortly.Account Number: 333333Company: EasyShopFirst name: SonnyLast name: BakuJob title: CEOEmail: sales@easyshop.grPhone: -92384923192Employees: 6-18Country: GreeceLanguage: ENReferrer: Google.grWork Structure: Resource BasedSkills: OpencartWhen would you like to start?: Urgent AsapDuration?: 2 YearsResource Location: On SiteOpencartTeam Leader: 1Senior: 0Middle: 0Junior: 0You are receiving this email because you requested a quote on 05/10/2018 04:00:23 PST. Important: If you did not perform this action, please contact us immediately.TE © 2018 About Us  •  Privacy Policy  •  Legal
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" EOF """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The number at the beginning of each line is the account number, which also represents the beginning of a lead. The script finds a new lead by reading the "Account Number:" field, not the number at the beginning of the row. There are no delimiters between the value of a field and the name of the next field, which is the main reason of the development of this parser.

The name of the fields may also be in another language. As a result, a dictionary with the field names from other languages pointing to their english counterpart was needed. For fields of picklist type, another dictionary was made that points the possible values from the file to the internal ones within the platform.


